Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
We're screwed.
No more free Wi-Fi.
Hey. Ki-Jung!
Yeah?
The lady upstairs
put a password on "iptime".
A password?
Did you try 123456789?
No luck.
Try it in reverse.
I tried that too!
Fuck. then we can't get WhatsApp?
Nothing.
Hey. Kim Ki-taek.
Don't fucking pretend to sleep.
What do you think?
Our phones are shut off.
Now our Wi-Fi is shut off.
What's your plan?
- Ki-woo.
- Yes. Dad?
For Wi-Fi. hold it up high.
Search out every corner.
Damn stink bugs.
Over here! I got it!
Really? You got a signal?
Yeah. see?
This one. "coffeeland 2G".
Did a new cafe open nearby?
Why can't I get it?
Climb up here.
Hey kids.
- Is it working?
- Yeah.
Then check WhatsApp.
Pizza Generation said they'd contact me.
Hold on.
Here it is. Pizza Generation.
Wow! Check this out. guys.
If we go as fast as her.
we can finish all these today.
Then we can get paid.
- She does it standing.
- She's a pro.
What's that? Fumigation?
They still do that kind of thing?
Guess so.
Shut the window.
Leave it open.
We'll get free fumigation.
And get rid of the stink bugs.
Right. too many
stink bugs these days...
God. that smells!
I told you to shut it!
Should I shut it. Dad?
What exactly is the problem?
Take this one as an example.
You call this a straight line?
And why's it folded here?
Why is this sticking out?
You didn't finish folding it.
A quarter of them look like this.
So 1 out of 4 are rejects.
So you're really docking
10% off our pay?
Considering the fail rate.
that's a low penalty. isn't it?
Our pay is so low already!
How can you do this?
Look here.
This is not some minor issue.
You know what one shitty boss
can do to our brand image?
Brand? You can't even
afford a box folder!
What did you say?
Boss.
This is all because
of that guy. right?
What guy?
Your part-time worker.
He's gone AWOL. right?
Just when the Love of God Church
made a huge group order?
How do you know all that?
Who told you?
My sister knows the guy.
He's always been a bit strange.
Got a bad reputation.
Speaking of which. Boss.
We'll accept the 10% penalty.
In return...
In return?
Any thought of hiring
new part-time help.
Sis. we need it.
Ditch the guy you've got now.
Just fire him.
Tomorrow I'll come for
a formal interview. What time?
Wait. hold on a sec.
Let me think about it.
Then for now.
just pay for the boxes.
So we've all gathered here today...
To celebrate the
reconnection of our phones.
and the bountiful Wi-Fi!
That bastard!
So early in the evening!
Why haven't you put up the
'No Urinating' sign?
I told you to!
No. a sign like that
only encourages them.
At least yell at him!
Don't shout.
"Please don't piss!"
Hey. is that Min-hyuk?
Hey mister. that's not a toilet.
That is Min-hyuk.
Hey. punk!
Who are you staring at. asshole?
Come here! You little shit.
Get a fucking grip!
Your friend has spunk!
University students have
real spirit.
Unlike you. big brother.
But is he coming here?
Were you expecting him?
No.
Hello!
Oh hi. Min-hyuk!
Min!
Have you been well. sir?
- Of course.
- Hey. what's the occasion?
I texted you. Didn't you see it?
Sorry. you were eating.
No. we weren't eating.
- How are you. Ki-Jung?
- Fine. you too?
You should've asked to meet up.
Why come all the way here?
Because of this.
It's for you. but it's so heavy.
Really? Put it down here.
Wow. what is that?
When I said I was meeting Ki-woo.
my grandfather insisted
I bring this along.
Is this an artscape stone?
It's also called a zen stone.
Wow. you know these!
My grandpa has collected these
stones since his military days.
Now downstairs. upstairs.
living room. the study...
all filled with these things.
But this stone here is said to
bring material wealth to families...
Min!
This is really symbolic!
For sure!
Truly. this is very timely.
Isn't it?
Please relay our gratitude
to your grandpa.
Food would've been better.
What was that called?
Artscape stone?
You collect those rocks too?
Hey. thanks to that rock. I got to
see your parents. They looked healthy.
They're plenty healthy.
just out of work.
Is Ki-Jung taking lessons
these days?
She can't afford lessons.
She's cute. huh?
Oh. she's the one
you're tutoring?
Park Da-hye.
High school sophomore.
You take over as her English tutor.
What do you mean?
Tutor a rich kid. It pays well.
She's a good kid.
Look after her while
I'm studying abroad.
What about your
university friends?
Why ask a deadbeat like me?
Why do you think?
Just the thought makes me sick.
Those disgusting frat boys
fawning all over Da-hye?
It's revolting.
You into her?
Hey. I'm serious.
When she enters university.
I'll officially ask her out.
Until then. take good care of her.
If it's you.
I can leave in peace.
Thanks for trusting me. but...
Do I have to pretend
to be a college student?
Ki-woo. think about it.
For years including
your military service.
you took the university
entrance exam 4 times.
Grammar. vocabulary.
composition. conversation...
When it comes to English.
you can teach 10 times better than
those drunken college pricks.
- I guess so.
- Sure!
But will they hire me?
I'm not a college student.
Just fake it.
Don't worry. you'll have
my recommendation. plus...
How should I describe the mother...?
She's a bit simple.
Young and simple.
Simple?
What do you mean?
It's all good. I had fun there.
So you agree?
I guess so.
Hey. you said your sister
is very talented.
Good with Photoshop?
With skills like this.
why can't you get into art school?
Wanna die?
Hey. no smoking in here.
Yeah. yeah. Gimme that.
Yeah.
Now the cherry on top...
Wow. does Seoul National University
have a major in document forgery?
Ki-Jung would be top of her class.
Amazing skills. huh?
Our boy's going for a job interview.
Wish him luck.
Son.
I'm proud of you.
Dad.
I don't think of this
as forgery or crime.
Because I'm going to
this university next year.
So you've got a plan!
I just printed out
the document a bit early.
Who is it?
Madame? Good afternoon.
I'm here on Min-hyuk's
recommendation...
Oh. right. Come on in.
Thank you.
Hello!
Hello. Madame.
I just work here. Come this way.
The garden is so nice.
The interior is nice. too.
You know the architect
Nam-goong? He's famous.
He used to live in this house.
He designed it himself.
As you can see.
now it's a family home.
This way.
Please sit here and wait.
I'll bring the madame.
Yes.
Madame.
Madame?
He's here.
The tutoring candidate.
I don't care about documents.
Min-hyuk recommended you. after all.
As you know. Min is such
a brilliant person.
Da-hye and I were
quite satisfied with him.
Regardless of her grades.
Know what I mean?
Yes.
Things were very good.
So to be honest. we wanted to stick
with him through high school.
But all of a sudden
he's leaving to study abroad.
So. excuse me for
being blunt. but...
if you're not up to
Min-hyuk's level...
there's really no point.
So anyway.
what I want to say is.
for your first lesson today.
do you mind if I sit in.
I want to see it full time.
how you run your lessons.
Is it okay with you?
You sure about #24?
Da-hye. you solved those later
problems then went back to #24.
Right?
Yes.
If that were the first question
on a real exam. you'd be screwed.
Look at this.
Your pulse is racing.
The heart doesn't lie.
An exam is like
cutting through a jungle.
Lose that momentum
and you're finished.
The answer to #24? I don't care.
Punching through the exam.
dominating it!
That's all I care about.
It's all about spirit.
Spirit.
Understand?
So I'll pay you
this time each month.
3 classes a week.
2 hours each. okay?
As for the amount...
I pay Min-hyuk's rate.
but I added a bit for inflation.
Thank you.
How about a proper introduction?
Da-hye's English tutor.
we'll call him Kevin.
Mr. Kevin!
If you get hungry during
your lesson. just let me know.
If you need anything. ask her.
She knows this house
better than anybody.
Da-song! Watch the head!
I'm sorry. did he startle you?
How cute. His name is Da-song?
Yes. our youngest.
Da-song. come say hi!
This is Mr. Kevin!
This is an Indian arrow.
I ordered it from a U.S. website.
He's been fanatic about
Indians since last year.
Indians?
He's got a fanboy personality?
Well. he's just so aloof
and easily distracted.
He can hardly sit still!
So last year I enrolled him
in Cub Scouts...
hoping he'd learn some
restraint and focus.
But look at him.
He's even worse.
His scout leader is an
Indian fanatic. maybe that's why.
The American Indian is
the very spirit of the Cub Scouts.
That's a good thing!
Were you a Cub Scout. Mr. Kevin?
Sure. I'm a Scout by nature.
Da-song is an artist by nature.
Have a look.
This is really symbolic.
It's very intense!
Intense. right?
You've got an eye for this.
It's a chimpanzee. right?
It's a self-portrait.
Sure enough!
The perspective of a young artist
eludes understanding.
Or perhaps it's Da-song's
expressive genius...
Anyway. we've been through
so many art teachers.
None of them lasts even a month.
And Da-song is just
so hard to control.
- Madame?
- Yes?
Someone just came to mind.
What was her name?
Jessica! Right. Jessica...
She was in the same
art school as my cousin.
What was her Korean name?
Anyway. after studying applied arts
at Illinois State University.
she returned to Korea
Illinois... tell me more.
Her teaching is unconventional.
but she knows how to handle kids.
A very fresh approach.
But even though her methods
are unique...
she can help kids get
into the best art schools.
Oh. I'm very curious.
What is she like?
Would you like to meet her?
Though I heard
she's in high demand.
Hold it.
Jessica. only child.
Illinois. Chicago.
classmate Kim Jin-mo.
second cousin.
Look at how he painted
the side dishes on the tablecloth
in this mosaic arrangement.
But within that too.
These have repeating patterns. too.
Gochujang is red.
the rice... well. anyway.
he has a Basquiat-esque feel
And he's only 9!
How exciting.
I'm sure Miss Jessica must have
already sensed this.
so I'll leave you two.
to start Da-hye's lesson.
Teacher Jessica. see you next time.
Yes. thank you
for the introduction.
So as you can see.
Da-song's eccentric genius...
Da-hye.
So we'll start with #38?
Kevin.
Yeah?
Did you know that
Da-song is faking it all?
Huh? What do you mean?
It's all a show.
Acting all genius. that
4th dimension stuff is all fake.
An artist cosplay.
Da-song?
You know that thing.
when he freezes and stares at
the sky. as if struck by inspiration.
Like when someone stops to stare
at the clouds for 10 minutes?
So you know what I mean?
He gives me the creeps.
He pretends that he
can't live a normal life.
Makes me want to puke.
So Da-song is pretending...
But what's that got to do with
your studies?
Well. I'm just saying.
Ok then. with that in mind...
what you told me about Da-song
was very interesting.
So. let's try some
English composition...
and be sure to use the word
'pretend' at least twice.
Then. can I ask you a question?
Sure.
That teacher Jessica.
Is she really
your cousin's classmate?
What do you mean?
She's your girlfriend. right?
No way... I just met her today.
Jessica's really pretty.
Isn't she?
Aren't you interested?
You saw her?
Sure. she's pretty.
You can say she's attractive.
Yeah.
I knew it.
You are interested in her.
Da-hye...
So. if we compare teacher
Jessica to a rose.
then you are...
- Let's study.
- Yes.
Please understand that my boy
has trouble keeping still.
I understand.
Da-song!
Da-song. get up!
Come on. Da-song!
It's in your butt!
- Mrs. Park. please leave us.
- What?
I never teach with
a parent in the room.
But today is our first day.
and as you can see. he's...
Please wait downstairs.
Park Da-song?
Da-song!
Madame?
Want some plum extract?
What?
It's mixed with honey.
To ease your tension.
Yeah. that would be great.
- Over here!
- Yes?
I've got an idea.
Take two glasses of plum extract
to Da-song's room.
You're not a parent.
so you can go in!
Oh. that's right!
Then I'll report back
on what's going on in there...
Why didn't I think of it earlier?
What?
Are they out?
Yeah.
So. you've finished already?
Mrs. Park?
Come sit next to me.
Da-song. go upstairs.
Hurry up!
Da-song just drew this.
I see...
I'd rather speak with
Mrs. Park alone.
Oh. but she is...
No. please excuse us.
Mrs. Park. I told you I study
art psychology and art therapy?
Yes.
Did anything happen to Da-song
in first grade?
To be frank.
before I decide whether
to take on Da-song.
I need to hear about this.
But this is hard for me
to talk about right now.
What to do?
Never mind. then.
The lower-right region of a drawing
is called the "schizophrenia zone".
Psychotic symptoms often
reveal themselves here.
Oh. phrenia...
Look here.
Da-song drew these
unusual shapes. right?
I see.
Over there. it's the same!
It's the same. right?
Yes. that's correct.
A similar shape in the same zone.
You see it now?
Yes.
I've stared at that drawing
at every meal!
But I had no idea.
Please calm down. Keep calm!
This is all a black box
into Da-song's mind.
Would you like to open
that box with me. Mrs. Park?
I want to open it.
Then we'll need 4
two-hour sessions per week.
And this is not your basic tutoring.
it's art therapy. right?
Of course.
Therefore. my rate will need to be
considerably higher.
Are you okay with that?
I'm very thankful.
Da-songs dad is home.
Honey. Da-song's new
art teacher is here.
Her name's Jessica.
from Illinois.
Jessica! This is Dong-ik.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Please take good care of Da-song.
Class is over?
Yes. just finished.
- Driver Yoon.
- Yes?
- Are you free?
- Yes. I am.
Then give her a lift home. okay?
Sure. we don't want her
going down alone at night. right?
Of course.
Teacher Jessica?
Shall I drive you
all the way home. then?
- Which neighborhood?
- No. That's fine.
You can just drop me off
at Hyehwa station.
Thank you.
I don't mind if your home is far.
- My shift is finished. anyway.
- I'll just get off at Hyehwa.
Looks like it's going to rain.
Ride the Benz. not the subway!
I'm meeting my boyfriend
at exit 3 of Hyehwa Station!
I see.
Dad. when you worked as a driver.
did you drive a lot of Benzes?
Benzes? Not then. but I did
when I worked as a valet.
You worked as a valet?
Sure. after our chicken place went bust.
and before the Taiwan cake shop.
in that 6-month window?
No. it was after
the cake shop went bust.
Then. we're moving ahead with it?
I set a trap in the Benz.
Then we're diving right in.
Wow. it's so symbolic here.
Look Dad. we're eating in a
driver's cafeteria right now!
Indeed. a drivers' cafeteria!
Eat as much as you want. kids.
You didn't even pay for it.
They did!
Son. have some more. Eat up!
Yes. Dad.
Eat your fill!
What did you do to
Mrs. Park yesterday?
What?
She was freaking out.
Saying she was so moved and stuff.
Fuck. I don't know!
I googled "art therapy".
And ad-libbed the rest.
Then suddenly she's weeping.
Crazy bitch.
I couldn't believe it.
Oh. you're home. honey?
Did you have dinner?
Is something wrong?
Is the housekeeper out?
She's walking the dogs.
Honey.
This was under my car seat.
Driver Yoon is such a scumbag.
What is this?
I'm so sorry. honey.
I didn't know he was
this kind of guy.
Don't you pay him well?
Is he saving up by
skimping motel costs?
He must be a pervert.
He prefers it in the car.
Oh. that's disgusting.
In his boss' car!
A young guy's sex life is
his own business. that's all fine.
But why in my car?
And if so. why not in his seat?
Why cross the line like that?
You're right.
Does dripping his semen
on my seat turn him on?
I can't believe this.
But you know what's
strangest of all?
What?
If you have car sex.
one might leave behind
a strand of hair. or an earring.
Right.
But how can you forget
your own panties?
That's true.
It's hard to forget.
So. this raises suspicions
about this woman.
You get it?
Oh my... like meth or cocaine?
Shh! The kids...
What do we do?
What if anyone finds
white powder in your car?
Calm down. relax.
Relax.
For now it's just supposition.
A rational guess.
But no need to call the police.
Of course. not.
Silly for a busy man like me to ask.
"Why are you fucking in my car?"
Exactly.
So instead...
Can you just invent some
harmless excuse to let him go?
Okay sure.
No need to mention
panties or car sex.
We don't need to stoop
to that level. do we?
Surely not!
But what if he goes online and
accuses us of wrongful termination?
Just give him a good severance.
How was Da-song today?
He was fine.
- So class is finished?
- Yes.
Jessica. the last time you came.
our driver gave you a ride. right?
That's right.
This may be an odd question.
but nothing happened then?
No. he was very nice.
I told him to go
to Hyehwa Station.
but he insisted on
driving me home.
That jerk!
He took you home late at night?
To find out where you live?
No. I got off at Hyehwa.
Oh. good. You did very well.
Jessica. nice!
Did something happen with him?
He won't be working for us anymore.
A slightly shameful incident.
What incident?
Oh. enough about that.
But I'm surprised. He was
so gentlemanly and cool.
Jessica. you're too
young and innocent!
You have a lot to learn about people.
At the time we were excited to
have such a young. hip driver.
But isn't an older driver better?
That's true. They drive better.
have better manners.
My uncle had a driver
just like that.
Mr. Kim... He was so
congenial and nice.
I used to call him 'uncle' too
when I was young.
You know a man like that?
Yes. he was so mild-mannered.
Oh. but my uncle
relocated to Chicago.
I wonder if Mr. Kim's free now?
I'm quite interested!
Could I meet him?
Really?
I can't trust people nowadays.
I only trust someone recommended
by a person I know well.
But if you've known him so long.
that is reassuring.
Do you really want to meet him?
I'm deadly serious.
Networking through
trusted referrals seems best.
How should I describe it?
A safety belt of trust?
- This one's different.
- Here.
Oh. right.
And this one.
Looks like a touch screen now.
It's not touch.
it says you have to turn it.
Wow. this thing?
Sir?
Taking our time. are we?
This is a nice car.
Here it is! Come over here.
He's in a meeting now.
Have a seat and wait here.
Hello. nice to meet...
But is it compatible
with mobile phones?
No. that requires
more computing power.
This isn't a test drive.
so don't be nervous.
I was worn out at the office.
so I came out for a bit.
I understand.
Constant chatter. all that bother.
At least the car is peaceful.
Thank you.
You seem to know the roads well?
Anything below the 38th parallel.
It comes naturally
after 30 years behind the wheel.
I respect those who work
in one field for a long time.
Well. to be honest
this is a simple vocation.
But... the head of a household.
the leader of a company?
Or else just a lonely man setting off
on the road each morning...
It's companionship of a sort.
So. that's been my approach
each and every day.
The years sure pass quickly.
Sure enough.
your cornering is excellent.
Well. it may look simple.
but it's fundamental.
She may look sheepish.
but inside. she's a fox.
Sometimes she acts like
she owns the house.
Right.
She's lived there longer
than anyone in that house.
She was housekeeper
to the architect Nam-goong.
but then she stayed on
to work for this family.
When the architect moved out.
he introduced this woman
to Mr. and Mrs. Park.
telling them. "This is a great
housekeeper. you should keep her."
So she survived
the change of ownership.
She won't give up the good job easily.
To extract a woman like that.
we need to prepare well.
Right. we need a plan.
I want some peaches.
I like peaches best.
Why not ask for some?
No peaches at our house.
It's a forbidden fruit.
So according to what
Da-hye told me.
she's got a massively serious
allergy to peaches.
You know that fuzz
on a peach's skin?
If she's anywhere near it.
she gets a full body rash.
has trouble breathing.
asthma. a total meltdown!
No no. there weren't
any peaches anywhere.
That's what I'm saying!
Usually when I get
symptoms like this.
I run to my room
and take my medicine.
but it was so sudden. I panicked
and forgot where I put it!
Madame. this woman
behind me. is that...?
Oh. it's our housekeeper!
So it's true. Oh. how sad.
I wasn't sure if that
was really her.
I've only seen her a couple times
in the living room.
This was in the hospital?
A few days ago I went
for my annual checkup.
I took a selfie for my wife.
and there she was. behind me.
She's talking to someone
on the phone?
I wasn't trying to eavesdrop...
but her words came through clearly!
- So I couldn't help but..
- Cut. cut!
Dad. your emotions are up to here.
Bring them down to about here.
So I couldn't help but overhear.
Keep it focused!
What I'm trying to say is.
it's just that.
her voice was quite loud!
It's all right.
Just tell me. okay?
She said she got
diagnosed with active TB.
and she was shouting
on the phone.
so upset she could
barely control herself!
Tuberculosis? Come on...
It's true. she phoned someone
saying she had Active TB.
Do people still get TB?
Dad...
Back in the day. people used
to buy Christmas Seals. right?
Feels like a bygone era.
But I saw it on the internet.
Korea has the #1 rate of TB
of all the OECD countries.
But she's still working.
as if nothing's wrong.
With a kid like Da-song
in the house.
So you've got a young kid
like Da-song in the house.
and a TB patient is doing dishes.
cooking. spraying spittle...
Stop it. please!
[Dad: Arriving in 3 mins.]
If you get the chance.
this'll be icing on the cake.
[Madame:]
[2nd floor sauna room.]
[Don't let her know.]
- Have a seat.
- Yes.
Mr. Kim.
Please don't tell any of this
to my husband. okay?
I understand.
If he hears I've harbored a
TB patient to our home.
I'll be hanged and quartered!
Don't worry. Madame.
And if I may say one thing
I have no feelings
against that woman.
I felt I had to speak up for the
sake of public health and safety.
But this could be seen
as snitching or...
Don't you worry.
I won't mention the TB.
I'll just make up some excuse
to dismiss her.
Simply and quietly.
It's the proven way.
That's the best.
Okay then.
Have you... washed your hands?
Mr. Kim. do you know
a good braised ribs place?
Somewhere close by.
Sure.
- Then you'll be eating out?
- That's right.
Why such a craving for
braised ribs today?
Our old housekeeper made
delicious ribs.
The one who quit this week?
My wife wouldn't even
tell me why she quit.
Sure. it's easy enough
to hire a new one.
Still. it's a shame.
She was a great housekeeper
I see.
She kept the house
in great shape.
and she knew never to
cross the line.
I can't stand people
who cross the line.
If just one weak point...
Eating too much?
She always ate two servings.
But considering
all the work she did...
Then you better find someone
quickly. A new housekeeper.
We're in trouble now.
In a week. our house
will be a trash can.
My clothes will start to reek...
My wife has no talent
for housework.
She's bad at cleaning.
and her cooking's awful.
Still. you love her. right?
Of course. I love her.
We'll call it love.
Then would this help?
THE CARE? What is this?
I just recently
found out about them.
How to describe it?
It's a members-only service.
The company provides experienced
help to VIP customers such as you.
For example maids. caregivers.
Or drivers like myself.
You can tell from the card
they're very exclusive.
Cool design.
How did you come
across this company?
They contacted me as a
veteran-grade VIP driver.
A kind of a scout offer?
But when their call came I had
already arranged to meet with you.
I see...
You turned down this prestigious
company to work for me.
I'm forever indebted.
Son of a bitch!
Anyway. I can give this card
to my wife. right?
Yes. that's why I brought it up.
No need to mention me.
You can tell her
you found the company yourself.
Sure.
Thanks to you I can
play the good husband.
On the back. there's
a number for consultations.
Tell her to call there...
Eyes on the road!
Hello. this is Senior Advisor
Yeo Myung-son of The Care.
Yes. is this The Care's main office?
If she wanted. she'd be
a fucking great con artist.
Isn't her tone of voice great?
Takes after me.
From what I've heard.
it's a members-only service?
So you're not currently
a member. I assume?
That's right.
What steps do I need to take?
We'll just need a few documents.
Are you ready to write this down?
Your family register.
ID cards...
documents to verify
your income level.
the title to your property. etc.
Our property title? Yes.
Wow. peaches!
You have some too. Mr. Kevin.
Thank you.
Leave it outside the door
next time.
- And knock!
- Yes.
Never enter during sessions!
Yes. miss!
Park Da-song!
Daddy!
Where are you?
Son!
Walkie talkies!
What do you like better.
me or the walkie talkies?
Da-song. how could you
run out from your lesson?
When did you buy all this?
It's no big deal.
Huh?
What is it?
What's he doing now?
Da-song. that's enough!
It's the same!
They smell the same!
What are you talking about?
Go up to Jessica.
Jessica smells like that. too.
So do we all need to use
different soaps now?
Dad. we'll need to use different
laundry detergents too.
And fabric softeners.
You mean. we run the laundry for
each person separately? Geez.
That's not it.
It's the semi-basement stench.
To lose the smell.
we have to leave this place.
Anyway. aren't we fortunate to be
worrying about things like this?
Sure.
These days. even an opening
for a security guard
attracts 500 university graduates.
And our entire family got hired!
That's right. Dad!
Put all our salaries together...
the amount of cash coming from
their house into ours is no joke!
Let's offer a prayer of gratitude
to the great Mr. Park.
And to Min-hyuk!
Ki-woo is an amazing friend!
Thanks to him we're all...
Fuck. not again!
That asshole's dead.
Ki-woo's got the spunk!
Don't overdo it!
Use this instead.
Damn you!
Get a fucking grip!
Get a grip!
Wow!
Total inundation!
Current weather is clear. over.
The clouds are moving.
But they're not rain clouds. over.
Copy. over.
Currently your sister's lips
are pouting like a duck's bill.
She's super annoyed. over.
Can't I stay home and study English?
And call Kevin?
Hey! Don't make a fuss
just as we're leaving.
If we have to go.
let's have some fun.
Da-hye. this is no
ordinary camping trip.
That's right!
How could you miss
your brother's birthday?
No way!
Even your busy father
is taking time off to go.
Right! If you don't go.
you'll regret it!
Oh. right.
You know the beam projector?
That outdoor projecting thing?
Right. bring the outdoor
beam projector.
And look for Da-song's
camping raincoat.
He loves it when it rains.
You remember now?
Zoonie. Berry. and Fofoo.
Zoonie and Berry get this.
Yes. Natural Balance Original Ultra.
Right. and for Foofoo...
Kam-kamaboko.
The Japanese crab sticks.
Yes.
When you walk Zoonie.
give him a long leash.
He needs to run around a lot
to be happy.
He's like the canine version
of Da-song!
Son!
What are you doing lying out there?
Isn't he hot out there?
I'm gazing at the sky from home.
It's so great.
Mom. want some water?
There's sparkling. right?
Ki-Jung. some water?
Telepathy... thank you.
Whoa.
Wow. all these different
kinds of liquor.
Dad! Let me add
another to the mix!
This is pretty classy.
Rain falling on the lawn.
as we sip our whiskey...
Ki-woo. what's that yellow
notebook you've been carrying?
This? It's Da-hye's diary.
Her diary?
That's disgusting.
Why are you reading her diary?
So we can understand
each other more deeply.
Fuck. are you two dating?
I'm serious.
She likes me a lot. too.
A while back...
Never mind.
When she enters university.
I'll officially ask her out.
Seriously.
My son!
Then this house will be
your in-laws' house?
That's right.
Fuck. then I'm washing
in-law's dishes?
Sure. washing your
daughter-in-law's socks!
I like her. She's a good kid.
Pretty-like. but
not spoiled rotten.
Well. now that
we're daydreaming...
If Da-hye and I get married...
we can bring in actors
to be my mom and dad.
Look at her.
She did so many part-time gigs
at weddings last year.
Even caught the bouquet
from bitches I've never met.
If you get the bouquet.
they pay an extra $10.
That's how your acting
improved so much!
Acting is one thing. but this
family is so gullible. right?
The madame especially.
You said it.
She's so naive. and so nice.
She's rich. but still nice.
It's not "rich. but still nice."
It's "Nice because she's rich."
You know?
Hell. if I had all this money.
I'd be nice too!
Even nicer!
That's true. Your mom's right.
Rich people are naive.
Not tied up in knots all the time.
No wrinkles on them.
It all gets ironed out.
Money is the iron.
Those wrinkles all get smoothed out.
Hey. Ki-woo.
You know that driver. Yoon?
Was it Yoon?
The driver before me.
Yeah. Yoon.
He must be working
somewhere else now. right?
Sure. he must be.
He's young. got a good physique.
He must've found a better job.
Fucking hell!
What's with her now?
We're the ones who need help.
Worry about us. okay?
Dad! Come on. Dad!
Just focus on us. okay? On us!
Not Driver Yoon. but me. please.
Killer timing. huh?
She speaks.
and the lightning crashes!
Hey. Jessica. Cheers.
Hey. when I went up before.
and you were in the bath...
What about it?
How to put it? You fit right in.
This rich house suits you
very well. Not like us.
Fuck off.
I'm serious!
Dad. earlier...
She was lying back in the tub.
watching TV.
Like she's lived here for years.
Speaking of which.
if this became our house.
if we lived here.
which room would you want?
What room in this masterpiece
of the great Nam-goong?
Fuck. I don't know.
Get me the house first.
Then I'll worry about it.
We live here now. don't we?
Getting drunk in the living room.
Right. we live here. Why not?
This is our home right now.
It's cosy.
Cosy? Are you feeling cosy?
Sure. but suppose Mr. Park
walked through that door now.
What about your dad?
He'd run and hide
like a cockroach.
Kids. you know at our house.
when you turn on the light.
and the cockroaches scatter?
You know what I mean?
I'm getting fucking tired of this.
- A cockroach?
- Yeah.
Huh? What's wrong?
What's the matter?
Dad. don't do that.
You're gonna kill somebody.
What the hell?
I fooled you! Didn't I?
Jesus. Dad.
I fooled you too. Ki-woo?
Very real. wasn't it?
If it was for real.
you'd be dead. you fucker!
What is this? Fucking puppy.
Who is it at this hour'?
Who is it?
What's she doing here?
The old housekeeper?
What's she here for?
She won't stop ringing it.
Raising a racket.
Who is it?
Oh. hello! I'm...
The madame's not in. right?
What?
I worked here
for a very long time.
Above the monitor there.
you see a photo of 3 dogs. right?
Zoonie. Berry. Foofoo.
I get it. but why are you here?
You're my successor
as housekeeper. right?
Anyway...
I'm very sorry to
call on you so late.
It's just that...
I forgot something in the
basement under the kitchen.
When I quit.
they pushed me out so quickly...
Would you let me in?
What do we do?
This wasn't in the plan.
Sorry for the trouble.
This way.
Yes. thank you.
You can put your raincoat...
It'll just be a second.
You did a lot of cooking there.
That'll be a job to clean up.
But what did you leave below?
Want to come down with me?
Just be back quickly.
Help me push this!
Pull it! From over there.
What?
Pull!
Harder!
Are you alright?
I startled you.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Honey!
What the hell?
Hey!
Honey!
Wait!
Honey. I'm here!
What is all this?
Honey!
Honey. I'm fine.
No you're not!
I'm fine. really.
You are not fine!
I'm so hungry.
Take this. Take this.
How many days has it been?
You must've been so hungry!
It's okay.
She's a good woman.
I got in. thanks to her.
There was an iron plate.
for grilling meat.
It was wedged under the shelf.
No wonder.
I couldn't open it from the inside.
- What's going on here?
- I know you must be startled.
I would be too in this situation.
But as two fellow workers...
Right. Chung-sook?
How do you know my name?
To be honest I'm still texting
with the boy Da-song.
I knew they were going camping.
so I came today.
I wanted to speak with you privately.
Talking about.
Don't worry. Chung-sook.
I cut the wire
to the CCTV by the gate.
Nobody knows I came.
Isn't that good. sister?
Sister? Do you know me?
Sister. my name is Moon-gwang.
This is my hubby Oh Geun-sae.
Say hello. honey.
This tastes great.
What happened to your face?
I'll tell you some other time.
So. while working here.
you looted the kitchen everyday.
To feed your husband.
Not at all! I bought
all his food with my salary.
That's so unfair!
But how long has
your husband been down here?
Oh my. hold on... 4 years?
4 years. 3 months and 17 days.
Right. it's June now.
Four years ago when
Mr. Nam-goong moved to Paris.
in the time before
Mr. Park's family moved in.
I brought my husband down here.
Many rich houses have secret bunkers.
where you can hide
in case North Korea attacks.
or if creditors break in.
But it seems Mr. Nam-goong was
a bit embarrassed about this.
because he never mentioned it
to Mr. Park's family.
So only I knew about it.
So that's how it all happened.
But now that I know. I've no
choice but to call the police!
No please. sister!
We're both needy people.
please don't.
I'm not needy!
But we are needy!
We've no house. no money.
only debts!
Sister. please!
Even with 4 years of hiding.
debt collectors never let up.
They're still searching for him.
threatening to mangle him.
You borrowed from loan sharks?
It's all my fault.
The Taiwan cake shop.
My Taiwanese Wangshui
castella shop went bust.
I fell into big debt.
Please take this.
What's that?
It's not much.
just a modest sum.
But we'll send it
to you every month.
In return.
just once every two days
please leave him some food.
No no. just once a week.
There's a refrigerator here.
Just once a week.
You've got some nerve!
I'm calling the police.
Sister. sister!
What's that?
Wait... Jessica?
Mr. Kim?
What the hell?
Dad. my ankle!
Don't press it!
Father. my arm!
Don't call me Dad!
I thought it was weird
when the driver was fired.
Hey.
- Let's talk things over.
- What the hell?
Are you some
family of charlatans?
So. sister...
Don't fucking call me sister.
you filthy bitch!
I'm gonna send this video to
Mrs. Park. how about that?
Dad. my arm!
No reception in
the basement. right?
- The phone works fine.
- Fuck.
Ma'am. to be honest.
the jobs we have here...
Shut up! It's too late now!
Let's all go to jail!
We're fucking going down!
Lady. are you crazy?
If they see that video. Mr. Park
and his wife will be so shocked!
What did those nice people
ever do wrong?
Why do this to them?
Stop right there!
Or I'll push the 'send' button.
Follow me.
Calm down. ma'am.
Don't push!
Let's go up. honey.
Time for you to get
some fresh air!
Honey. this 'send' button
is like a missile launcher.
What do you mean. honey?
If we threaten to push it.
Those people can't do anything.
It's like a North Korean rocket.
A North Korean missile button!
Today our beloved
Great Leader Kim Jong-un.
after witnessing the
charlatan family video.
was unable to contain
his shock and fury
at their wicked.
despicable provocations!
I've missed your jokes. honey!
Therefore our Great Leader.
in this age of de-nuclearization.
has commanded that the nation's
last remaining nuclear warhead
be driven down the throats
of this wicked family!
No one can imitate North Korean
news anchors like you!
With their stinking guts serving
as the last nuclear graveyard.
our Dear Leaders wish to de-nuclearize
and bring world peace...
Hands in the air. fuckers!
Higher!
You scumbag family.
Husband?
Husband.
Wife?
Yes.
Son?
- Daughter?
- Daughter.
You low-lifes!
Is that all you can think to do.
drink yourselves stupid?
In Mr. Nam-goon's living room
where his creative soul dwells?
You cretins!
What do you know about art?
What would they know?
On a sunny day. the two of us
would bask in the sunbeam.
In those moments we could feel
his artistic touch.
Give it to me!
Good job! Delete it!
Careful. don't send it
by accident.
Hello?
Listen. do you know how
to make Chapa-guri?
Chapa-guri?
Chapa-guri is Da-song's favorite.
If you boil the water now.
the timing will be perfect.
There's premium sirloin in the
fridge. Add that too.
Then. the camping...?
My god. what a disaster.
A nearby river overflowed and
everyone was packing their tents.
but Da-song was crying and
refusing to go home.
Anyway. Chapa-guri
as soon as we walk in. okay?
Then you're almost here?
8 minutes. according to the GPS.
You arrive in 8 minutes...
Start boiling
the water right away!
What the hell is Chapa-guri?
Get up. quickly!
Move!
Ramen/Udon.
Dad. I can't drag her
any further!
What are you doing?
Dad!
Go up quickly! Help upstairs.
Take this!
Welcome home!
Da-song. look!
Let's eat Chapa-guri!
Da-song!
Madame!
Why don't you just
eat the Chapa-guri?
Shall I?
No. wait.
I can give it to my husband.
There's premium sirloin in here.
It's cooked through?
Medium well done.
Returning after a day's work...
I love you so much. Mr. Park!
Home from the office.
Mr. Park is off duty now.
Returning after a day's work...
I love you so much. Mr. Park!
- What are you doing?
- Shut up!
Honey. do you want
some Chapa-guri?
Da-song doesn't want it?
No.
No. I'm tired. I'm going to bed.
Why are you staring?
Mr. Park. you feed me
and house me.
Respect!
You do this every day?
Sure. I even send whole
sentences to thank him.
Someone of your age
should know this.
Know what?
Morse Code.
That sensor's going batty.
Da-song will know it.
since he's a Scout.
It looks ridiculous. doesn't it?
Why make so much fuss
trying to please a kid.
He's not some kind of prince.
He's the youngest.
It's understandable.
Please understand.
Da-song's a bit... unwell.
He's receiving trauma therapy
and art therapy.
There was an incident.
What incident?
Sister. you believe in ghosts. too?
Da-song saw a ghost in the house
when he was in first grade.
He had a birthday party
at home that day.
Late that night.
when everyone was sleeping.
Da-song crept down to the kitchen
and took out the leftover cake.
The whipped cream on
that cake was amazing.
Even in bed. he couldn't
stop thinking about it.
So Da-song was sitting.
eating his cake...
He screamed.
and I ran downstairs.
and he was all...
his eyes rolled back in his head.
convulsion. foam in his mouth.
Have you ever seen a child
go into a seizure?
No.
If you can't treat it within
15-minutes. it's all over.
That's the time you have to reach
the emergency room. 15 minutes.
How can you live
in a place like this?
Well. lots of people
live underground.
There's even more if you
count the semi-basements.
What are you going to do next?
You don't have a plan?
I just feel comfortable here.
It feels like I was born here.
Maybe I had my
wedding here. too.
As for the National Pension.
I don't qualify.
In my old age.
love will comfort me.
So please.
Let me stay down here.
Anyway...
My husband was away on business.
so I had to deal with it all.
Since then we've always
gone out for his birthday.
Last year my mother's house.
this year. camping.
Da-song's dad says
all kids grow up like that.
They say a ghost in the
house brings wealth.
Actually. the money's
been good the last few years.
Oh. man...
Just stay here for now.
Zoonie. what's wrong?
Something under there?
What is it?
Damn it!
- Mom!
- Yeah?
- How could you?
- What?
I like Chapa-guri too!
How could you not even ask me?
Well...
Da-song didn't want it. so you
asked Dad. then ate it yourself.
- Want her to make some more?
- That's not the point!
- Stop fussing over ramen!
- Why didn't you ask me?
Oh. stop it! Just go to bed.
Go get changed.
This way!
Shhh!
Ki-Jung is under there!
Hurry. hurry!
One. two. three!
Da-song?
Da-song. cut it out!
He's gone crazy!
Get an umbrella.
Hey. Park Da-song!
That little monster.
What the hell is he doing?
Da-song. it's time for bed!
Do you know what time it is?
Here.
Honey. take this.
Who do you take after to be
so stubborn! Look at this rain!
OMG Kevin.
Da-song camping in the yard.
Channel 3 for emergencies!
Keep it turned on.
Let me have it.
I can't believe him.
Just leave him be.
He'll come in when he's tired.
- I wish you were here.
- But. I am with you.
Hey. Da-hye!
Stop using your phone.
Go to bed.
Go sleep in your room.
We'll take care of things.
This is the living room.
do you copy?
Copy. over.
Daddy is standing by
for emergencies. over.
Got it. over.
Is that tent going to leak?
It's US made. It'll be fine.
- Should we sleep here?
- What?
We've got a full view of the tent.
Good idea.
I'll feel much better.
Right?
Let's sleep while
watching over Da-song.
What a kid...
Wait a minute.
Where's that smell coming from?
What smell?
Mr. Kim's smell.
- Mr. Kim?
- Yeah.
Not sure what you mean.
Really?
You must have smelled it.
That smell that wafts through
the car. how to describe it?
- An old man's smell?
- No no. it's not that.
What is it?
Like old dried radish?
No.
You know when you boil a rag?
It smells like that.
Anyway. even though he always
seems about to cross the line.
he never actually crosses it.
That's good.
- I'll give him credit for that.
- Yeah.
But that stench crosses the line.
It powers right through
to the back seat.
What stench?
I don't know.
It's hard to describe.
But you sometimes smell it
on the subways.
It's been ages
since I rode a subway.
People who ride the subway
have that special smell.
Yeah.
Isn't this like the back
seat of my car?
What if Da-song comes back in?
Don't worry!
I can just pull my hand back.
We shouldn't...
Do it clockwise.
Right.
You know where.
You still have those cheap panties?
Huh?
The ones Yoon's girl left behind.
If you wear those.
fuck. it'll turn me on.
Really?
Then get me some drugs.
Get me some drugs!
Take this instead.
You like it?
- They're passed out cold.
- Sneak out now.
- Emergency!
- Emergency. over!
- What?
What is it? Over!
Da-song. what's wrong?
I can't sleep. over.
So stop it and come in. okay?
Go sleep in your soft bed. over.
Right!
I don't want to. over.
Hey. Park Da-song.
Let's just sleep...
What happened back there?
What?
The people in the basement.
Well. I tied them up.
What will we do now?
Huh?
What do we do now.
what's our plan?
I've been wondering...
What would Min-hyuk do
in this situation?
Min-hyuk would never be
in this situation!
Look kids. we made it
out of there safely. right?
And besides us. nobody knows
what happened there. Right?
So nothing happened.
You understand?
I've got my own plan.
So you two just
forget about it. okay?
Let's go home.
Let's go and wash up. ok?
What are you doing there?
Hurry up!
What's going on?
You stay put!
This is all sewer water.
Our window was left open?
Help me out. Ki-taek!
Ki-woo!
Hey Ki-woo. close the window!
Did you get electrocuted?
I'm dizzy.
Hold still.
Shit. I feel dizzy.
Ki-Jung. be careful.
Don't touch anything.
Honey. I've got a concussion.
I can't see you.
Honey. that woman Chung-sook...
Oh. god.
What a nice person.
She kicked me down the stairs.
Repeat after me.
Chung-sook...
Hey. Ki-woo!
What at are you doing there?
Huh?
H. E. I. P. M...
Dad.
Yeah?
What's that plan of yours?
What are you talking about?
Earlier. you said you had a plan.
What are you going to do?
About...
the basement.
Ki-woo. you know what kind
of plan never fails?
A 'Non-Plan.'
No plan.
You know why?
If you make a plan.
life never turns out that way.
Look around us.
Did these people think.
"Let's spend the night in a gym?"
But look now.
Everyone's sleeping
on the floor. us included.
That's why people
shouldn't make plans.
With no plan.
nothing can go wrong.
And if something spins out
of control. it doesn't matter.
Whether you kill someone
or betray your country.
None of it fucking matters.
Got it?
Dad.
I'm sorry.
For what?
Everything.
All of it.
I'll take care of everything.
What are you talking about?
Why are you hugging that stone?
This?
It keeps clinging to me.
I think you need some sleep.
I'm serious.
It keeps following me.
Miss Jessica!
Sorry to call on a Sunday morning.
Are you free for lunch today?
We're having an impromptu
birthday for Da-song.
A birthday party?
If you come too.
Da-song will be so happy.
And have as much pasta. gratin.
and salmon steak as you want.
Please come by 1 pm.
and I'll count today as
one of your sessions.
You know what I mean?
See you soon!
- Mom.
- Yeah?
For the impromptu birthday.
should we invite teacher Kevin too?
Great idea! Why not?
Will you call him?
Get some more sleep. honey!
You must be tired after yesterday.
If we have a party.
won't you need to do the rounds?
Right. the wine shop.
supermarket. bakery. florist...
But I already told Mr. Kim
to hurry over.
I'll pay him overtime.
Perfect.
Everyone. calm down. calm down!
Da-hye: We're having a party.
and mom said to invite you!
In the basement...
we have ten outdoor tables.
First take them all out.
then arrange them...
No. come to the window.
I need to show you.
With Da-song's tent in the middle.
Set the tables outward in a curve...
A crane's wing formation!
Like Admiral Yi used. you know?
The Battle of Hansan Island!
Think of the tent as
the Japanese warship.
And our tables will make a
semicircular crane's wing formation.
Then near the tent will be the
barbeque grill. firewood and such.
All nicely arranged.
Bring your husband too!
Yeah!
And definitely no presents.
just come!
What dress code?
It's just an impromptu.
You can wear sweat pants!
And definitely no presents!
Just come and enjoy the food!
You know my culinary skills!
Right!
We'll get drunk in daylight.
If you'd sing. that'd be grand!
You know the one...
Quiet. he's sleeping!
Today the sky's so blue.
and no pollution!
Thanks to all the rain yesterday.
Right.
So we traded camping
for a garden party.
It's lemons into lemonade.
Right. that rain
was such a blessing!
And definitely no presents.
I mean it!
Right. just squeeze your
Mini Cooper into the garage.
Go on up!
Right. back it in.
Just don't block the Benz!
You're here! It's been so long!
I told you no presents!
You were thinking of
something else.
What?
While kissing me. you were
thinking of something else.
No.
What do you mean. no?
You're still doing it.
Wow.
Everyone looks gorgeous. right?
Even for an impromptu.
they all look so cool..
And so natural.
Da-hye.
Do I fit in here?
What?
In this setting. do I fit in?
Hey. where are you going?
I need to go down.
Just stay with me.
I need to go down there.
With all those boring people?
Can't you just hang out with me?
Not to those people. down lower.
Wow. what is that?
God. I can't believe
I'm doing this at my age.
It's embarrassing.
I'm really sorry. Mr. Kim.
It's at my wife's insistence.
I can't do anything about it.
But the concept is simple.
Jessica will carry out the
birthday cake in a little parade.
Then we jump out
and attack Jessica.
Swinging our tomahawks!
Right.
Just then. Da-song the good Indian
will jump out and we'll do battle.
Finally. he'll save Jessica.
the cake princess. and they'll all cheer.
Something like that.
Silly. isn't it?
I guess your wife likes
events and surprises.
Yeah. she does.
But she's particularly into this party.
You're trying your best. too.
Well. you love her. after all.
Mr. Kim.
You're getting paid extra.
Think of this as
part of your work. okay?
Have you been down there?
- Not yet.
- Shouldn't we talk to them?
Reach an understanding?
Exactly!
We all got too fucking
worked up last night.
Dad was going on
about some plan...
- I'm just going down there.
- Hold on.
Take this down to them.
- They must be hungry.
- Right.
Let them eat first.
Come next time for sure!
Here you are. Jessica.
- This is so amazing.
- Yes. to die for!
I've got a special favor to ask.
What kind?
This is... how to describe it?
Da-song's trauma recovery cake?
So it needs to be you who does it.
Today's highlight!
Hey. are you okay?
Are you...?
Wait. mister!
Kevin? Kevin!
Da-song. happy birthday!
Congratulations!
Shit...
Stop!
Chung-sook!
Ki-Jung!
Come out here. Chung-sook!
Stop the blood!
Push down on the wound!
Da-song!
Honey!
Let go. don't!
It hurts.
The emergency room!
Get the car!
Mr. Kim! What are you doing?
We can't wait for an ambulance!
Stop pushing. Dad!
Makes it hurt more.
Car keys! The car keys!
Throw them! Throw me the keys!
Are you okay?
Don't touch it!
How do you do. Mr. Park?
You know me?
Respect!
Opening my eyes for
the first time in a month.
I saw a detective.
You have the right
to an attorney...
He looked nothing
like a detective.
Is he laughing?
Just a sec.
Then the doctor. who looked
nothing like a doctor. spoke.
That happens sometimes
after brain surgery.
They keep laughing.
For no reason.
Do you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Then. we have to do it again?
Do what again?
The Miranda thing.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you...
He keeps laughing. look!
Even when I heard how much
Ki-Jung bled that day...
Even when I heard the words forgery.
trespassing. foul play. self-defense
and that we were lucky to
get away with a probation...
Even when I finally
got to see Ki-jung's face...
Kim Ki-Jung.
Nov 20. 1996... July 1.2018.
I kept laughing.
Still. when I went back and
watched the news reports.
I didn't laugh.
This sudden rampage in the
back yard of an upper-class home
is a highly unusual case.
Since the homeless man who sparked
the rampage died at the scene.
police are struggling to even
establish a clear motive.
The suspect Kim and the slain Mr. Park
are said to have been on good terms.
For now the police investigation is
focused on locating the driver. Kim.
Kim. after exiting this door
and descending the stairs.
disappeared into the
neighboring alleys.
Police searched the CCTVs
of nearby homes to no avail.
and they have yet
to find any witnesses.
Given the situation.
it's not an exaggeration to say
that Kim has vanished into thin air.
Actually Mom and I had
no idea where Dad was.
But those detectives still
wore themselves out tailing us.
Eventually the news went quiet.
and after the tails stopped...
I started going up that mountain.
From up there. you get
a good view of the house.
That day. despite the cold.
I felt like staying longer.
Dash - dash - dot - dot.
Son!
You may be able to
read this letter.
You were a Boy Scout.
so I'm writing this just in case.
Have you recovered from
your injuries?
I'm sure your mom
is plenty healthy.
I'm doing fine down here.
Though. I often cry
thinking about Ki-Jung.
Even now. what happened
that day seems surreal.
It feels like a dream.
and yet it doesn't.
That day. as I ran out the gate.
I suddenly realized
where I needed to go.
A house where such
grisly crime took place
would surely not
be easy to sell.
I'm sorry. Mr. Park.
I struggled to hold out
like that in an empty house.
Still. thanks to
the house being empty.
What was her name? Moon-gwang?
I was able to give her
a dignified send off.
I hear tree-side burials are trendy.
So hell. I did my best.
But those real estate sharks
sure are clever.
They hoodwinked some people
who had just arrived in Korea
and managed to sell the house.
With the parents working.
and the kids attending school.
the family is usually out.
But the goddamned housekeeper
stays glued here 24 hours a day.
Each time I go upstairs.
I put my life on the line.
It turns out Germans eat more
than just sausage and beer.
What a relief.
Passing the time down here.
everything starts to go hazy.
Today at least
I was able to write you a letter.
If I send out the letter
this way every night.
maybe someday you'll see it.
So long for now.
Ki-woo? Is that you?
Yes.
Dad. I made a plan today.
It's a master plan.
I'm going to make money.
Loads of it.
University. a career. marriage.
Those are all fine.
but first I'll make money.
You'll see once you go in.
but it's very spacious.
Actually. we don't show
this house to just anyone.
When I have money.
I'll buy that house.
On the day we move in.
Mom and I will be in the garden.
Because the sunshine
is so nice there.
All you have to do
is come up the stairs.
Until then. take good
care of yourself.
So long!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm